So, let's consider a case.
CycleGAN are well suited for cat in the style transfer.
You may have seen the example of style transfer before,
that aims to make a real photo appear in the style of a particular pentium.
CycleGAN going keeps us away through expand these a bit more.
Instead of transforming a real photo into a photo that looks like one work of art,
we can actually map it into a general style,
saves the style of the connector work of the impressionist painter policy zone.
So, we have some input photos X and we generally want to learn
the transformation between those photos and the collection of Cezanne painting Y.
This is an interesting task because within a collection of work,
we are basically asking if you can find
some common color palettes and brushwork and in the case,
the general style Cezanne.
So, to find these two mappings,
from the X-domain to Y-domain and back.
A CycleGAN architecture includes two adversarial discriminatory networks, dx and dy.
That calls out the discriminative networks are
CNN's aim to perform a binary real or fake classification giving an image.
Let's take one of these discriminators as a exemple.
Dy So, dy tries to classify training images from
a wide set of data as real and generate image g of x as fake.
As the trims it will alternate between looking at a real image
from the y-domain or a generated image.
Dx does the same,
only it tries to distinguish to generate it,
a real image from the x-domain.
Notice that we're using the universe mapping in this example.
This means that there are two other bassoon clausius have compare generated
data from the mappings g and g-inverse to real data from an x and y-domains.
To make these mappings act has tracks for one another,
we introduce two additional loss terms, Cycle Consistency losses.
For image acts front domain capital X,
the image translation cycle that transforms x into domain-y and then back again.
Should be able to bring x back to something such as close to the original image.
In this example, x when we reconstruct x-hat,
should be as close as possible.
This is called forward Cycle Consistency.
So, the difference between x and x-hat is the Cycle Consistency Loss.
This loss terms are a measure of how much these mappings contradict one another,
and they are sometimes called the reconstruction errors.
We'll also check consistency between y-transformations.
For each image y from domain y,
the image transmission cycle should be able to bring y back to the original image.
This is called backwards Cycle consistency.
The Cycle Consistent Loss, typically,
L1 loss measures any difference between these values.
The complete loss function for a CycleGAN is then
a weighted combination of anniversary losses and the Cycle Consistency losses.
Where lambda is the weight value that controls the rate of importance of these terms.